7.2 Gra[joca; Rara,etes
	There are awide ragne of  graphical parameters that can be supplied as arguments to the 'plot' function
	(or other plotting functions, such as those in Section 7.3).These parametes invoke simple visual enhancemnts,like
	coloring the ponts and adding axis laes, and can also control technical aspects of the graphics device(Chaper23 covers, the latter in more detail).
	Some of the most commonly used graphical parameters are listed hers; I"ll briefly discuss each of these in turn in the following secions:
	
	'type'  Telss R how to plot the supplied coordinates (for examples,as stand-alne points or joined by lines or both dots and lines).
	'main, xlab, ylab' Options to include plot title, the horizontal azis label, and the veritcal axis label, respectively.
	'col' Color(or colors) to use for plotting ponts and lines.
	'pch' Stands for 'point character'.These selcts which character to use for plotting individual points.
	'cex' Stands for 'character expansion'. This controls the size of plotted point charactes.
	'lty' Stands for 'line type.' .This specifies the type of line to use to connect the points(for example, solid, dotted, or dashed).
	'lwd' Stands for 'line widht.'. This controls the thicknessof plotted lines.
	'xlim, ylim' This provides limits for the horizontal ragne and vertical range(respectively) of the plotting region.
	
7.2.1 Automatic Plot Types
	By default, the 'plot' function will plot individual points, as shown in Figure 7-1. This is the default plot type, but other plot types will have a differnt
	appearnace. To control the plot type, you can specify a single charactervalued option for the argument type.
	
	For example, in many cases it mkes sense to show lines connection each coordinate, such as when plotting time series data. For this, you would specify plot type"l".
	Using 'foo' and 'bar' from Section 7.1, the following produces the plot in the left panel of Figure 7.2:
	
	R>plot(foo, bar), type="l")
	